you
well howdy there internet people its
below again hopefully uh I can hear me
if you can't let me know in the comments
or the little chat box or whatever real
quick so tonight we're gonna run through
some of the stuff that I've I've missed
as far as our little project that we
have going on if you don't know for the
last week maybe two i I I've been doing
uh I've been working lyrics from a song
into my videos I had some middle school
teachers tell me that they used the song
we didn't start the fire to kind of
encourage their students to learn about
history so I went through and tried to
provide the spark for different topics
that they asked for her
wow that is filament real quick banjo
music now I don't have any banjo music I
wish it did let me know okay
so real quick as I'm going through this
let's see we've got Johnny ray
he was a partially deaf singer they got
a recording contract in the 1940s Joe
DiMaggio he was some baseball dude don't
know much about him but he did marry
Marilyn Monroe so that's that's worth
knowing about Wow
a lot of comments over there I will try
to keep keep up with them let's see
Richard Nixon I find it hard to believe
I haven't talked about Richard Nixon
we're a script that television so in the
nineteen fifties television came on it
was a kind of a boom to communication
the same way the Internet is H bomb H
bomb is like an a-bomb only different
the a bomb is uses fission whereas the H
bomb uses fusion
Brando a streetcar named desire watch it
Marciano he was a boxer beginning his
career I fart magic Thank You I fart
magic the Marciano yeah Sousa boxer
beginning his career
heavyweight champion like undefeated
constantly Stella and he went by the
ways first name was Rocky
maybe that will interest you Liberace he
was a piano player he said he didn't do
concerts he put on shows he's famously
known for advising all of us Presley to
wear i catching clothing melon coffee
was the Prime Minister of the Soviet
Union after Stalin and was ousted by
Nikita Khrushchev okra coffee of I
should have googled these first I think
that's a Russian composer I think he's
the guy that died the same day as Stalin
let's see Campanella this is an
interesting sports one so he was a
catcher for the Brooklyn Dodgers and he
helped break a lot of racial barriers in
baseball
Juan Peron he was an Argentinian ruler
better known as Ava piron's husband
watch Evita for those that are just
chiming in I've been doing a thing with
we didn't start the fire for some
history teachers and I'm just running
through all the stuff that I missed real
quick and then we'll get on to the other
stuff in the in the strain a Toscanini
he was a composer who had a memory lapse
in the middle of a concert at Carnegie
Hall and just forgot what he was doing I
guess
and never think he random nobody he he
just never worked again after that
dacron that's like a man-made fiber and
was kind of the beginning of that phase
Einstein he's a physicists if you don't
know who he is blame your history
teacher Davy Crockett king of the wild
frontier yeah you can look into him very
interesting piece of American mythology
Princess Grace that's actress Grace
Kelly she married a Prince of Monaco
maybe I think possibly Mickey Mantle
another baseball player shoe and lie
he's a Chinese leader responsible for
the Great Leap Forward Great Leap
Forward and oversaw a lot of
modernization helped re-establish ties
with the West Lebanon Eisenhower sent in
troops Charles DeGaulle I find it very
hard to believe I haven't talked about
him in one of the videos California
baseball the Dodgers and Giants moved to
California it's kind of a big thing see
children of thalidomide this is when
people really started doubting medicine
there was a medicine put out that I
think was to treat morning sickness and
something to do with pregnancy pretty
sure was to treat morning sickness and
it caused horrific birth defects like
missing limbs Ben Hur it was a movie
want a bunch of Academy Awards Paola
that is when record companies were
paying DJs and stuff like that to play
their songs to help create a hit
Chubby Checker that's the twist it's a
song listen beats Paterson so this was a
baseball fight our baseball fight a
boxing fight it was interesting in that
the Shelby Hall in one video you said
you to figure out what you're good at
and do that I'm good at school so I
applied to law school at 45 after
raising three kids and I meant semester
two now that is awesome that's a really
cool congratulations
so the listen Patterson fight the Liston
was seemed to kind of have mob ties
people thought he had mob ties so the
n-double-a-cp actually went to him it
was like hey don't do this because they
were afraid if he won that it would
reinforce a negative stereotypes it's
interesting that's that's one that's one
of the few sports ones that I think's
worth actually looking into Pope Paul
yeah there was a new pope British
politician sex so there was a Gerry a
hey gumbo make sure you read these also
I am British politician sex okay so
there was the Secretary of State for war
and he had a fling with a showgirl who
was also having an affair with a Soviet
spy and that that that caused a problem
people were worried about what pillow
talk might have transferred over to him
Watergate I know we've talked about that
that was a Richard Nixon scandal miss V
and me cope Cobin my hero we did this
when I was in high school in 92 love
Billy Joel with all due respect sir are
you gay
I don't know see vegan he was a Prime
Minister of Israel who won a Nobel Peace
Prize with Anwar Sadat Palestine this is
specifically in the song it's
referencing the 1976 land a google it
and prepare for that rabbit hole terror
on the airlines
post 9/11 this isn't a shocking thing
but back then hijacking an airplane was
like unheard of and it was happening a
lot will a fortune it is a game show on
TV and it gave birth to all of that
Sally Ride was the first
American woman in space heavy metal
suicide a lot of young people during the
early 80s they found a permanent
solution to a temporary problem and
their parents sued rockers like Ozzy
Osbourne for some reason hypodermics on
the shore so at the time medical waste
was just dumped out dumped out in the
ocean and because that seems like a good
idea and eventually it washed ashore and
it was kind of cool in a way because it
helped legitimize taking care of the
earth okay
so there's all of that now I've said it
all
so when Kerri goes to put all of this
together she will have all of the words
okay so am i gay it was a question to
catch out of all of that I don't know if
it's a serious question you will
eventually figure out the answer if it's
not I don't like to respond to it
because it feeds into the idea that
that's wrong and I don't think it is so
what is your job this is my job how is
your life pretty good pretty good
actually
how are y'all do you have anything y'all
want to talk about
you
believe you're happy I'm always happy
drink of choice coffee didn't Davy
Crockett refer to a launcher um I don't
know if in the song that's what he's
talking about he very well might be that
was there was a short range I think
Waterford nuclear missiles that was
nicknamed Davy Crockett could you talk
about the green new deal I have the name
of the video is let's talk about that
new liberal plan there's also one about
it where I think the name of it is like
let's talk about AOC and DoD both of
those go into it in depth most
influential teacher growing up a guy
named L Rossi he was an algebra teacher
I learned absolutely nothing about
algebra in it but I learned a lot about
everything else I need a mod okay oh so
there's some news if you are on patreon
you are helping see Armando Perales
interview Michael Brooks from the
majority before hey that actually feeds
into what I'm about to say so Kari
weather is now on like kind of full-time
so that's why you get to see like the
satire video that was all spliced
together with the different people so
the production value will go up the
podcast which you can find on Spotify
and Apple iTunes or Apple iTunes
whatever it is all that's going to be
updated like regularly now instead of
whenever I had time fear of martial law
no I'm not I'm not worried about that
anarchy is actual freedom thank you
best way to get others to realize and
overcome their internal contradictions
and
BIF dissonance I have no idea I think
that would very person a person B Smith
I'm from Memphis Tennessee I share your
videos all the time you were an
important voice of reason for some and
otherwise unreasonable time thank you
thank you I never know how to respond to
things when people say something nice do
you love me I love everybody Duke of
bread
so please caption your content okay so
there is a ping the awesome there is a
there's a glitch going on right now my
content is supposed to be captioned
automatically it's not working or it's
working very very slowly and videos will
be up hours before it catches on this
started within the last week so other
than that if you haven't been able to
see it at all you have to turn them on
in YouTube looking for the video you
talked about the Civil Rights Act was
based off violence what was the name of
that one I don't remember I actually
think it's let's talk about the Civil
Rights Act but I could be wrong that was
a long time ago
so the podcast will be updated more
frequently rights crispy thank you your
thoughts on one First Amendment audits
it depends on what kind you're talking
about that's actually something I'll be
doing a video horns because after I
mentioned Second Amendment on it
somebody brought that up and they're a
little different but so we will also be
bringing in guests for the podcast again
more frequently hopefully one a week and
they'll be full length interview some of
the people that we've been reaching out
to I think you guys will really enjoy
I'm going to try to get an email so you
guys can suggest people
get an email setup for that have you
been following the effects of that word
which I really shouldn't say on the
economy yeah you know if you've been
following a channel you know I've
expected a big drop in the stock market
for a while and basically this is
probably the trigger of the recession
this is probably what's going to start
it how big is your t-shirt collection
huge and ever-growing Tommy Thomas poor
people with no universal health care are
going to spread virus can't avoid bills
can't get tested that's me um maybe
maybe that it that it's a very distinct
possibility I don't I think it's pretty
likely I think that if it does get bad
they will probably it'll probably start
with voluntary quarantine and maybe some
incentive from the federal government
there are actually plans and on the
books for this type of stuff we've had
them since the 60s and 70s whether or
not Trump is smart enough to use those
plans I have no idea I have no clue they
weren't really designed to deal with a
natural one they were more designed to
deal with biological weapons so DoD
actually has plans on how to deal with
this stuff do I think it's fear yeah a
little bit I do
I think medical professionals are doing
the right thing by going out and trying
to operate from an abundance of caution
and get people to realize it is scary
and that they do need to do something
about it and that they need to be
careful because it is a two and a half
percent fatality rate so that's pretty
high but it's not
it's not Ebola it's not I will tell you
my wife and I just scheduled our little
mini get away and it is to a place that
is incredibly crowded impact with
international travels travelers I am not
really worried about it I don't I don't
think it's a threat to me however if you
are older if you have pre-existing
conditions it's something you need to be
careful of you at least you need to wear
of it take some mild precautions Monica
the little my ID is still in Nice
oncology says it's effective for some
cancers I did not know that 25 grand for
21 count bobble Patrick Brannon thank
you for the you Cody Sexton over/under 9
wins for your teeth I don't know this
may shock people I don't follow sports
like not so no I do not think we'll see
Daphne batty I don't think that it is
it's cooked up and I definitely don't if
it was even for research purposes and
got out somehow I definitely don't think
it was intentional I don't think there's
any grand conspiracy behind this at all
have you talked an aid I have not
Mexi on YouTube is covering that pretty
well and definitely follow her Twitter
account she has access to a lot more
information I'm actually trying to get
an interview set up with somebody from
there
let's see do you ever feel burned out uh
maybe sometimes I get tired I don't know
that I feel burned down is and I want to
stop I really enjoy this and I feel that
I am more effective doing this than I
have in a whole lot of other stuff your
nemesis did you know the back of Clorox
wipes this coronaviruses it's one of the
viruses it can kill ya okay so
coronavirus is it's a family it's a
family of viruses the one that's going
around now is kovat 19 or maybe that's
the disease that the virus triggers or
whatever corona virus is a family though
there's a whole bunch of them so it's
like you know how there's a whole bunch
of different flus same type of thing
where are we currently on the trade war
foreclosures all of that's bad in fact
there's been some some reporting coming
out of the Midwest about it
farmers aren't happy there's been a lot
of promises made by China oh well we're
gonna buy this we're going to do that
but none of it materialized none of it
actually happens so they've been sitting
there waiting as the guy was saying you
know promises don't actually pay the
bills and given what's currently going
on there it's probably pretty unlikely
that they're gonna follow through with
those commitments can you do the on the
lost cause of the confederacy movement
kind of have that's better about I don't
think I've ever done one specifically on
that but I will put that on the list
have you heard about the grad student
strike at UC Santa Cruz no I know
absolutely nothing about it send me a
tweet or something and I'll try to dig
into it a little bit
Cody Saxon didn't figured you followed
sports just testing you just wanted to
let you know I appreciate your
perspective I was a trump voter in 16
won't be voting at all in 20 Thank You
Mel em what's your opinion on control
trade deal with the UK many of the
scared of losing food standards
chlorinated kitchen chicken I i've been
following our own trade issues i don't
really know all of the all the ins and
outs of it I understand that it's that
the trade deals aren't looking well over
there but that's really all I know
as far as brexit I've mostly for
personal reasons been more focused on
the hard border issue with Ireland have
you heard about Operation Paperclip
yep that's a real thing I just learned
about it u.s. imported its 1,600 Nazis
to work for the government I don't know
about the number
most of them went up in NASA designing
rockets some of them went to work for
DoD some of them wound up working in the
intelligence community doing all of the
weird stuff that you heard about in the
60s let's see the new groupthink thank
you I think there have been more flu
deaths than yeah yeah but it hasn't and
you need to look at ratios percentages
the flu fatality is I want to say half a
percent roughly and coronavirus is like
two two and a half
any good tests out there to see where I
land on the political spectrum like
progressive populist